# Hello World!

This is my homepage! My name is Laurence Porcioncula and I am a student at [Cal State Fullerton](http://www.fullerton.edu/) and my major is Computer Science

## Computer Science Projects

My GitHub page is http://github.com/Laurence890

### CPSC 120

* Lab 7

    Lab 7, part 2, was a favorite of mine because of its practicality in the real world, which is why I had the most fun 
working on it. This part of Lab 7 involved whether street parking is allowed during a specific timeframe, following the 
regulations of street signs. In addition, my partner and I implemented several if-statements, all of which added an extra 
layer of complexity to our program. In retrospect, the concept of conditional statements fascinates me because it’s similar 
to making a decision. Some may be trivial, and others, not so much. Whatever the case may be, we won’t know for sure what 
the outcome might be because well, quite frankly, we haven’t experienced it yet! But it’s that thought that always keeps me 
wondering to what extent an effect may have if a specific path is chosen. Although this lab shows very little of that, 
learning how to use conditional statements in real-world scenarios was interesting in and of itself.

* Lab 4

    Lab 4, part 2, was also one of my favorites. This part involved guessing the other player’s secret number. It was 
relatively easy to code, using a combination of std::cout/cin and if-statements, but, I found it to have a lot of charm to 
it as well. Its simplistic yet creative design was reminiscent of old-school arcades. Games like Pong and Donkey Kong were 
all straightforward games with only one goal in mind yet, they offered an enjoyable experience for players. Further, this 
program reminded me of the first game I made in high school, which I spent several hours developing and refining.

* Lab 12

    Finally, in lab 12, parts 1 and 2 were among my favorites because it’s different from the past labs we’ve done and 
implemented a random number generator (abbreviated to RNG). Part 1 involved making an animation using channels of red, 
green, and blue. Part 2 had us recreate static noise whilst displaying a line of text on the screen. This was the first lab 
to use RNGs and I found it to be the most familiar and exciting topic. Unlike the physical laws of the world, computers are 
limited to calculating arithmetic and have no knowledge of gravity, mass, speed, and friction, all of which are factors that 
play in, let’s say, rolling a die or spinning a wheel. Because of this, RNGs allow computers to mimic probability and 
produce randomness. This notion proves to be a most useful application when it comes to video games, where the player can 
expect to encounter a different monster or deal a certain amount of damage each time. Additionally, RNGs increase 
replayability since a number can be wildly different from the previous one. Overall, both were fun to program because it’s 
nothing we’ve done before but it also marks the last lab of the semester, which is sad to say. Nonetheless, I had a great 
time working with my peers in labs, learning how to read and write code, and developing my skills as a programmer.

